What's right for you
doesn't necessarily work for the next person.
Toast with different levels of darkness.
Customization isn't always just
the question of preference though
Sometimes it's a necessity.
Two men are sitting with a toaster between them.
One of the men turns the toaster dial.
Being able to adjust the text is crucial
for people with low vision and dyslexia.
A woman puts on glasses to read a website on her laptop.
The woman is squinting at the website
with small text and an unusual font.
Properly coded websites and applications allow the text to be customized.
For example, to change its size, spacing, font and colors
without loss of functions or clarity.
The woman uses the web browsers settings
to adjust the text size and style.
It appears more legible and the woman is relieved.
Cutback to the two men.
One of the men takes a piece of toast out of the toaster.
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.